Support attachments (#53)
elasticio/outlook: README.md

* **Mail Folder** - Dropdown list with available Outlook mail folders
* **Start Time** - Start datetime of polling. Defaults: `1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z`
* **Poll Only Unread Mail** - CheckBox, if set, only unread mails will be poll

> * **Get Attachment** - CheckBox, if checked, attachments of the email will be downloaded to platform and link provided as part of output metadata with key `attachments`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Get Attachment** - CheckBox, if checked, email attachments will be downloaded to the platform and the link will be provided as a part of the output metadata with the key `attachments`
```

```

## Known limitations

>   * When you use `Send Mail` action with attachments, by default component works fine with files up to 20MB, if you going to use larger files, you should create/increase environment variable `EIO_REQUIRED_RAM_MB` - memory usage limit for component in MB (256 by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When utilizing the `Send Mail` action with attachments, the component operates smoothly with files up to 20MB by default. However, if you intend to work with larger files, it is advisable to create or increase the environment variable `EIO_REQUIRED_RAM_MB`, which serves as the memory usage limit for the component, initially set at 256MB
```
